Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Claire
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes!
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Durham
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually have a dal or pasta
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I would like to eat a light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Pretty healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I am vegetarian 
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! If you like broccoli crown, how about Lemon-Garlic Broccoli?
That sounds good. There isn't any protein though
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. Easy Oven Roasted Veggies has cauliflower in it, hopefully you will like it.
That also sounds good, but is light on protein
I'm sorry I can't find anything that correspond to your criteria in my database. I had more success with the 856 other people I recommended recipe to in the last hour. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
