hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
David
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes thank you
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I'm in England
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
A variety of things; sometimes ready meals, sometimes I cook for myself.  I eat meat with most evening meals and salad for lunches
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
a light dinner
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
fairly healthy
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
quick
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like broccoli, how about Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper?
That looks nice to go with a meat dish
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes please
 What about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
thank you
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
