Hi Cora
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Hector
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yep, I am looking for some ideas for tonight
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I am currently living in Spainç
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I use to eat a lot of vegetables with olive oil, some fish. We also have occasionally some meat and pasta
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I´d rather have a light meal
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Pretty healthy, mostly vegetables 
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
Not at all
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I´d rather have something quick
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
It looks awesome, thank you so much!
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
I´ll try this one, it looks tasty!
 Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
yep, it also looks a good option
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
it is enough, thank you
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
