Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Cyprian
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Good
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
Poland
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Pasta or Buritto
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Very Hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
medium
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
none
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Quick
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli-white Bean Soup?
Not so much
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. African Kale & Yam Soup has kale in it, hopefully you will like it.
Some Italian maybe?
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yeah
 What about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
No Broccoli
My programmers will be happy you like it. If you like butternut squash, how about Apple Butternut Squash Soup?
Dont like apples in my dinner
My programmers will be happy you like it. What about Green Curry Vegetable Soup? It contains thai red curry paste, which seems perfect for you!
I can take that
My programmers will be happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
