Hi Cora
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Josh
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Everything is okay
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Cambridge
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
A dish with pasta or rice
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
A light dinner
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
not very
Ya, taste first and healthiness second right? I enjoy so much having a good dinner, I totally agree with you. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
none
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
quick and easy
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like kale, how about Avocado, Tomato, Kale & Onion Salad?
Not a kale fan
I personally find it delicious. But I have something else for you. What about Sweet Potato Kale Pizza with Rosemary & Red Onion? It contains kale, which seems perfect for you!
No kale please
Oh we must have very different tastes then. Let me find something else. Sauteed Spinach with Bacon and Onions has baby spinach in it, hopefully you will like it.
sounds good, thank you cora
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes please
 If you like avocado, how about Massaged Kale Salad with Avocado and Pickled Red Onions?
No kale cora
Really? I think it's good. Give me another chance. Avocado With Bell Pepper And Tomatoes has avocado in it, hopefully you will like it.
Looks tasty
I'm happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
