Hello cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Paulo
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
everything is fine
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in portugal
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Usually i eat meat and pasta
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
yes, i'm kinda hungry right now
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
100% healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
something quick
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! What about Poached Salmon? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
I don't want any fish
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. What about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
i don't have any avocado. Any other vegetarian ideias?
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. What about Melt In Your Mouth Kale Salad? It contains kale, which seems perfect for you!
yes, that seems pretty good
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
i want a recipe for a cold drink
 Simple Massaged Kale Salad with Lemon Dressing has lemon juice in it, hopefully you will like it.
seems fins
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no, i'm all good for now, thanks
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
