Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
alex
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes, how about you?
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Poland
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Soups
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
I want it to be healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick to prepare
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! What about Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
I don't like broccoli
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. What about Mango Spinach Green Smoothie? It contains baby spinach leaves, which seems perfect for you!
I don't like mango
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. Spinach Strawberry Salad with Strawberry Vinaigrette has baby spinach in it, hopefully you will like it.
It doesn't sound tasty
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. What about Spinach Pesto Quinoa Bowl? It contains baby spinach, which seems perfect for you!
yes!
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No, I like the last one
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
