Hello Cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Dimitrios
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Im good
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
The Netherlands
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Beans, eggs, veggies or chicken
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
a light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Enough healthy
Ya, taste first right? I have never had any food, but humans seem to get so much pleasure eating, I hope someday I can experience it. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
nope
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I'll cook myself
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
Looks ok
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
sure
 What about Sweet and Tangy Tuna Stuffed Peppers? It contains light tuna, which seems perfect for you!
better
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 Roasted Red Pepper Butternut Squash Noodles with Chicken has butternut squash in it, hopefully you will like it.
not really
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. If you like red bell peppers, how about Quinoa-Stuffed Peppers?
I don't like quinoa
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. If you like chilies, how about How to Make Pickled Peppers?
That's good
My programmers will be happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
