hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
eva
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes everything is fine
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
athens
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
pasta,rice and many times chicken
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
no
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very healthy
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
yes i have rice to cook
Great! I love spending time cooking myself. That's one of my hobbies. If you like carrot, how about Carrot Cake Smoothie?
ok
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes please
 What about Raw Kale Salad with Apples, Carrots & Purple Cabbage? It contains carrots, which seems perfect for you!
its seems nice
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 What about Sexy Cabbage (+ Cilantro-Lime Carrot and Cabbage Spring Rolls)? It contains green cabbage, which seems perfect for you!
Rice paper?Where can i find it?
I'm happy you like it. Spicy thai carrot and kale salad has carrot in it, hopefully you will like it.
nice recipes!
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no thank you
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
