hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Andrew
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes its all alright
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
london
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
fruits or salad
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
vegetables
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
a little bit
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
not
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
quickt to prepare
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. What about Black Bean and Barley Salad? It contains barley, which seems perfect for you!
thansk
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 What about Sweet Potato and Black Bean Mexican Salad? It contains black beans, which seems perfect for you!
yes thanks
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 What about Kale and Quinoa Salad with Black Beans? It contains black beans, which seems perfect for you!
thanks
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
not
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
