Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Al
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
The UK
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
⅞
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
A happy medium.
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
As healthy as possible while not compromising taste or texture.
Ya, taste first and healthiness second right? I enjoy so much having a good dinner, I totally agree with you. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Plenty of time to cook
Great! I love spending time cooking myself. That's one of my hobbies. If you like chicken breasts, how about Jerk chicken burger?
Looks good
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Sure
 What about BBQ pulled pork sandwich? It contains pork shoulder, which seems perfect for you!
Definitely
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
I'm good
 What about Open chicken Caesar sandwich? It contains chicken breasts, which seems perfect for you!
Indeed
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
That'll do, thanks
 Sirloin steak sandwiches with smoky relish has sirloin steaks in it, hopefully you will like it.
Yes
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
