Hello Cora
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Jackie
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Great, yes it is. 
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I just moved to Spain from the Netherlands. I like it here. Lots of sun 
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Vegetables, meat and potatoes 
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Light dinner would be fine
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Healthy
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No, I can eat all
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have time to cook
Great! I love spending time cooking myself. That's one of my hobbies. If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
Sounds delicious 
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
I think I will make this one
 lemon garlic broccoli has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
Maybe not that combo
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. If you like broccoli florets, how about Garlic Parmesan Roasted Broccoli?
Yes, sounds great too
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
