hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Morten
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I'm fine
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Denmark, also a lot of rain here atm
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
pasta, rice or potatoes with sauce and meat
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
i'm feeling hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
taste comes first, so if it's healthy it's just a bonus
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
i have some time
Great! I love spending time cooking myself. That's one of my hobbies. Simple Herb Crusted Salmon has salmon fillets in it, hopefully you will like it.
looks good
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 If you like maple syrup, how about Maple Glazed Salmon?
not for me
Oh I'm sorry. Give me another chance. What about Salmon and Summer Veggies in Foil? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
looks better, thanks
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no thanks, that's enough
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
