Hi
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Andrew
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I am fine thank you, how are you?
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in the North East of England
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Usually some type of meat, along with either vegtables or carbs
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I am feeling hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
quiet healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
none
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
quick please
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! What about Poached Salmon? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
I don't really like fish, do you have anything else?
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. If you like great northern beans, how about Italian Style Rice And Beans?
Anything with meat?
My programmers will be happy you like it. What about Italian Rice? It contains cooked rice, which seems perfect for you!
Chicken?
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thank you
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
