Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Ian
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Everything is okie dokie
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Stratford
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
It varies alot, but generally a meat a vegetable and rice. 
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I tend towards lower carbs
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
something quick would be nice
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. Creamy Broccoli-white Bean Soup has parmesan in it, hopefully you will like it.
Looks yummy
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
sure
 If you like kale, how about African Kale & Yam Soup?
looks yummy
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
sure
 Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
The recipie didn't work, the website was Error 404
Okay, my mistake. But I have something else for you. What about Apple Butternut Squash Soup? It contains butternut squash, which seems perfect for you!
I love butternut squash soup
I'm happy you like it. If you like thai red curry paste, how about Green Curry Vegetable Soup?
looks yummy
I'm happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
