hello cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
dave
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
lincoln, uk
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
rice
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
yes
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
yes
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. What about Black Bean and Barley Salad? It contains barley, which seems perfect for you!
no
Let me find something else in my database. Sweet Potato and Black Bean Mexican Salad has black beans in it, hopefully you will like it.
no salad
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. If you like canned white beans, how about Smashed White Bean and Avocado Sandwich?
great
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
