hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Jess
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes thanks
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Dorset 
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Baked potato with cheese, and ham or pasta
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
hungry 
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
medium 
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
weight watchers 
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
quick 
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like canned cannellini beans, how about Creamy Broccoli-white Bean Soup?
no thanks 
Oh I'm sorry. Give me another chance. African Kale & Yam Soup has kale in it, hopefully you will like it.
no thanks 
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. What about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
no thanks 
Noted. Let me find something else for you. What about Apple Butternut Squash Soup? It contains butternut squash, which seems perfect for you!
no thanks
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. Green Curry Vegetable Soup has thai red curry paste in it, hopefully you will like it.
yes
I'm happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
