Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
J
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Fine thank you
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
In the Midlands
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually eat either chicken or fish with accompaniments
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I feel hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Moderately healthy
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I have no specific intolerances but I am a rather fussy eater
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick to prepare
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. Poached Salmon has salmon fillets in it, hopefully you will like it.
Thank you. I am not a fan of wine however.
Oh I'm sorry. Give me another chance. If you like maple syrup, how about Maple Glazed Salmon?
Sadly I don't like maple syrup 
Noted. Let me find something else for you. If you like avocado, how about Whole30 grilled salmon with avocado salsa?
Sadly I don't like avocado
Oh I'm sorry. Give me another chance. What about Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon? It contains asparagus, which seems perfect for you!
Yes, this sounds good
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thank you
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
