Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Nele
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes, all is fine, thanks
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
That seems a bit personal, so not really
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Heh okay. I try to eat healthy and cook tasty. So always some vegetables and meat/fish component and most of the time some carbs too
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'm not hungry right now
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Healthy but not vegetarian
Ya, taste first and healthiness second right? I enjoy so much having a good dinner, I totally agree with you. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I'm allergic to mint and bell pepper and I don't like tomato or too spicy foods
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Nah, I have some time to spare
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. What about Butternut Squash & Caramelized Onion Flatbread? It contains butternut squash, which seems perfect for you!
Sure, that seems nice
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
sure, for tomorrow
 What about Sautéed Garlicky Kale with Onions, Pine Nuts, and Craisins? It contains craisins, which seems perfect for you!
What's craisins?
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
some dessert maybe
 What about Warm Kale Salad with Goat Cheese, Pine Nuts and Sweet Onion Balsamic Dressing? It contains balsamic vinegar, which seems perfect for you!
no thanks
Noted. Let me find something else for you. If you like avocado, how about Massaged Kale Salad with Avocado and Pickled Red Onions?
that's better, but I don't really like pickle
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. Cheesy tuna melts has canned tuna in it, hopefully you will like it.
yeah sure
I'm happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
