Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Susan
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes I'm totally fine, thank you.  You?
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live just outside of London, in Kent (UK)
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I often end up skipping dinner, but I do like a chicken salad
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'm hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
I'm hungry.  I'd like to be quite healthy as well
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Either is fine
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. Simple Herb Crusted Salmon has salmon fillets in it, hopefully you will like it.
Thanks
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please
 If you like maple syrup, how about Maple Glazed Salmon?
Do you have anything that's not fish?
Let me find something else in my database. Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!) has avocado in it, hopefully you will like it.
What about something with meat or pasta?
My programmers will be happy you like it. What about Chopped Kale Salad with Pomegranate & Avocado? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
That doesn't sound like something I would like
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. What about Melt In Your Mouth Kale Salad? It contains kale, which seems perfect for you!
Hmm, I'd prefer something else.  What about a chicken dinner?
I'm sorry I can't find anything that correspond to your criteria in my database. I had more success with the 856 other people I recommended recipe to in the last hour. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
