Hello Cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
I am Seb
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes, thank you ! What about you ?
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Switzerland
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I most ofen make soup and prepare a lettuce
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
A light dinner please
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No intolerances at all
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Up to 25 minutes preparation
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
It looks nice
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
What about preparing pasta for lunch tomorrow ?
 What about lemon garlic broccoli? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
No broccoli again !
Let me find something else in my database. What about Mango Spinach Green Smoothie? It contains baby spinach leaves, which seems perfect for you!
Yes, it looks good, thanks
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thanks
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
