Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Sonia
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
South East, UK
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Salmon and cucumber salad
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
low calorie
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
quick
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! If you like kale, how about Avocado, Tomato, Kale & Onion Salad?
yes, like
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 What about Sweet Potato Kale Pizza with Rosemary & Red Onion? It contains kale, which seems perfect for you!
don't have a pizza stone
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. Tomato, Onion, Avocado Salad has red wine vinegar in it, hopefully you will like it.
like as tomatoes and avocadoes are my favourite
My programmers will be happy you like it. Sauteed Spinach with Bacon and Onions has baby spinach in it, hopefully you will like it.
a bit boring
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Thanks
 Massaged Kale Salad with Avocado and Pickled Red Onions has avocado in it, hopefully you will like it.
No more recipes for now
I'm sorry I can't find anything that correspond to your criteria in my database. I had more success with the 856 other people I recommended recipe to in the last hour. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
