Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Jacob
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I'm great!
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Poland
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
chickpea, tomato, cucumber, bell pepper, avocado
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'm hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
vegan
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
something quick
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like kale, how about African Kale & Yam Soup?
sounds fine
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes please
 If you like tofu, how about 15-Minute Miso Soup with Greens and Tofu?
I don't like soups.
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. Chipotle Lime Grilled Shrimp Salad in Cilantro Lime Dressing has lime in it, hopefully you will like it.
I like it
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes one more
 What about Brussel Sprouts Salad with Orange Ginger Dressing? It contains brussel sprouts, which seems perfect for you!
yes it's perfect
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
