hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
christine
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes I'm feeling fine thank you
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Near Newcastle upon Tyne
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
it varies buti like something simple tasty and quick to prepare - often a sandwich, or a tin of soup, fish fingers pre prepared meals etc etc
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
a light dinner
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
healthy as long as it is tasty
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
i prefer quick to prepare
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. What about Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
too many ingredients for me. i don't use spices or stir fry sauce and don't keep them in the house, if i made this meal i would just use the oil and the broccoli and pepper. with salt and pepper
Noted. Let me find something else for you. If you like almond butter, how about Bottoms Up: Green Giant Smoothie with Banana, Spinach, and Almond Butter?
don't like the sound of that at all and i don't have a blender. it wouldn't make me feel full
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. What about Mango Spinach Green Smoothie? It contains baby spinach leaves, which seems perfect for you!
not appealing at all to me
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. If you like pineapple chunks, how about Spinach Pineapple Green Smoothie?
i've never tried any milk but cows milk , don't like spinach and i don't have a smoothie maker. drinks just don't make me feel full
Oh I'm sorry. Give me another chance. If you like avocado, how about Grilled Corn, Avocado And Tomato Salad With Honey Lime Dressing?
that looks more appealing, I like most common vegetables and would happily make a dish like this with veg i enjoy
I'm happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
