Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
I'm Lilas
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in France
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Hummus, pizza, soup, vegetables with cereals.
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Light dinner please
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I'm a vegetarian
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Quick
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! Lemon-garlic Broccoli has broccoli crown in it, hopefully you will like it.
Thanks :)
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please
 lemon garlic broccoli has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
Thanks 
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes, the last one
 What about EASY Oven Roasted Veggies? It contains garlic powder, which seems perfect for you!
Great !
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No :)
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
