hi
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
my name is luis
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
everything is fine! thanks
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Porto, Portugal.
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually eat a lot of pasta for dinner because i get home late after practise
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Im feeling hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
i usually rather eat a healty meal, so very healthy would be nice
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
Any
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I would rather have something quick to prepare
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like salmon fillets, how about Poached Salmon?
it seems very nice
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
sure
 Simple Herb Crusted Salmon has salmon fillets in it, hopefully you will like it.
thank you
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
why not?
 What about Maple Glazed Salmon? It contains maple syrup, which seems perfect for you!
do you only have salmon recipes?
I'm happy you like it. If you like avocado, how about Whole30 grilled salmon with avocado salsa?
i dont like avocado
Okay, my mistake. But I have something else for you. What about Baked Mustard-Crusted Salmon With Asparagus and Tarragon? It contains asparagus, which seems perfect for you!
yes it seems nice
I'm happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
