Hi what is for dinner tonight
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Kim
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes thank you
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Brighton
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Mince and vegetables 
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Feeling hungry!
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. What about Creamy Broccoli-white Bean Soup? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
Yummy
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please
 What about African Kale & Yam Soup? It contains kale, which seems perfect for you!
Looks good
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please
 If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
Looks tasty
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thank you
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
