hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Regina
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I'm fine, thanks
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
North Caroli
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Vegetarian meals
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'm hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I'm vegetarian
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have time to cook
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. Chipotle Lime Grilled Shrimp Salad in Cilantro Lime Dressing has lime in it, hopefully you will like it.
I don't eat shrimp. I'm vegetarian.
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. What about Brussel Sprouts Salad with Orange Ginger Dressing? It contains brussel sprouts, which seems perfect for you!
ok
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
sure
 What about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
Sounds good
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
ok
 Mexican Salad with Lime Dressing has english cucumber in it, hopefully you will like it.
thank you
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
that's all for now.
 If you like baby spinach, how about Spinach Strawberry Salad with Strawberry Vinaigrette?
thanks
My programmers will be happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
