Hello Cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Melissa
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes,I'm good thank you! You?
I'm sorry to hear that. As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but I know life can be tough for you humans. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I'm from Ashford in Kent.
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually have a big plateful of steamed vegetables with either fish, chicken or other meat.
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
A light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I can't eat wheat or gluten.
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I'd rather have something quick to prepare.
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! If you like broccoli, how about Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper?
Looks delicious.
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please!
 If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
Sounds lovely.
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Ok thanks.
 What about lemon garlic broccoli? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
Lovely!
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
OK!
 Garlic Parmesan Roasted Broccoli has broccoli florets in it, hopefully you will like it.
Perfect!
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Go for it!
 What about Garlic Parmesan Broccoli? It contains broccoli florets, which seems perfect for you!
Looks great!
My programmers will be happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
