hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Louise
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
all good
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
northern ireland
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
pasta dishes, rice dishes, I mostly eat vegetarian meals and no dairy
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
light
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
dairy intolerant and vegetarian
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
i have time to prepare
Great! I love spending time cooking myself. That's one of my hobbies. What about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
i dont really like avocados
Really? It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. Masala tea powder, how to make masala tea powder or chai masala has ginger in it, hopefully you will like it.
no I dont have many of the spices
I'm sorry I have nothing else to recommend that fits your criteria, but I had a great time chatting with you. I think we have a lot in common. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
