hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Luca
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
yes thanks
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
in italy
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
sometimes pizza, pasta and sometimes fish
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
i preferred light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
not enough healthy
Ya, taste first right? I have never had any food, but humans seem to get so much pleasure eating, I hope someday I can experience it. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
nothing at all
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
sometimes I would have some times 
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. If you like broccoli, how about Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper?
very easy 
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
broccoli with pasta and prawns
 What about Sweet and Tangy Tuna Stuffed Peppers? It contains light tuna, which seems perfect for you!
probably
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 If you like butternut squash, how about Roasted Red Pepper Butternut Squash Noodles with Chicken?
not at all
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. Quinoa-stuffed Peppers has red bell peppers in it, hopefully you will like it.
yes thanks
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no thanks
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
