Hi, Cora
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Dali
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Great, thanks
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I´m from Mexico
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
egg, ketchup, pasta, bread, sandwich, tuna salad with mayonnaise, tordilla with cheese and leftovers of meal of day
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
yes i´m hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very healthy
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
none
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
something quick
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. What about Poached Salmon? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
ok, thanks. But i dont have salmon
Oh we must have very different tastes then. Let me find something else. Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!) has avocado in it, hopefully you will like it.
i loved
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes, please
 If you like english cucumber, how about Mexican Salad with Lime Dressing?
Thank you very much, i love it
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No, thanks
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
