Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Andrew
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Tired, I have a lot of work. How are you?
I'm sorry to hear that. As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but I know life can be tough for you humans. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Southport. Glasgow is a nice place.
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually eat something that can be cooked quickly in the oven - either fish or something quorn based with oven chips or some other potato product.
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
A light dinner please.
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very healthy, I need to lose weight.
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I'm a pescetarian. White bread makes me feel ill. 
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick to prepare.
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
No thank you, I don't eat any fried foods. How about something steamed or baked - or microwaved?
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
Sorry, I hate soup.
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. If you like broccoli, how about lemon garlic broccoli?
This looks great thank you.
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thank you, please send me the recipe.
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
