Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Pete
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I'm good thanks, hows you?
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Liverpool, England
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I eat almost anything, I have a varied diet
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Yes, I am hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Very healthy please
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have time to cook
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. Simple Herb Crusted Salmon has salmon fillets in it, hopefully you will like it.
I am not keen on fish
Let me find something else in my database. What about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
No, avocado doesnt do it for me
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. What about Melt In Your Mouth Kale Salad? It contains kale, which seems perfect for you!
Yes I would be interested in this
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no, I am happy with the kale
 If you like butternut squash, how about Butternut Squash Soup?
I would not like this
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
I could possibly eat this
My programmers will be happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
