Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
John
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Fine, could use something to eat, though
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Southeast Michigan
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Low fat meats, dairy, multiple grain whole wheats, vegetables
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
As nourishing as possible
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
sucrose heavy, insoluble fiber
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
time to cook
Great! I love spending time cooking myself. That's one of my hobbies. If you like butternut squash, how about Butternut Squash Soup?
Not enough protein
Oh I'm sorry. Give me another chance. If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
I don't like cheese in soups
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. Sticky chicken & blood orange stir fry has blood orange juice in it, hopefully you will like it.
Sounds worth a try
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
I think we'll try this one for now
 Easy Chicken Stir Fry has skinless boneless chicken breasts in it, hopefully you will like it.
yes i do
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no thank you
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
