Hi! I need some recepies to my dinner. What I should do in my dinner?
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Weronika
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes, everything is okay.
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
In Poland, next to big city.
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Different things. Sometimes I eat pasta, potato with meat, chicker with fries, panckake, and some soup.
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'm very hungry.
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
a few
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Some quickly food
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like butternut squash, how about Butternut Squash Soup?
I never eat butternut squash
My apologies. It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. What about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
It;s good
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Maybe for something that is not soup
They disconnected us from the internet
They disconnected us from the internet
hello?
Okay, everything have error
Tell me something
