Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Gabriela
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes, thank you!
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Prague, Czech Republic
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Pasta with tomato sauce, maybe a little bit tofu
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
light dinner please
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I usually don´t eat meat
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
something quick
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! What about Easy Stir-Fry Broccoli and Red Bell Pepper? It contains broccoli, which seems perfect for you!
Yes, it looks good!
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Give me one more
 If you like broccoli, how about Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green?
Maybe something without broccoli and with pasta
My programmers need to do a better job if you don't like it. I will pass on the information. Let me find something else. If you like baby spinach leaves, how about Mango Spinach Green Smoothie?
Yes, but can I have something with pasta?
My programmers will be happy you like it. Spinach Strawberry Salad with Strawberry Vinaigrette has baby spinach in it, hopefully you will like it.
Ok, thank you
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No!
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
