Hi! I don't know what to have for dinner tonight?
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Jess
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I'm fine thank you, everything is fine
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
Manchester
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Usually some type of vegetable with maybe pasta or bread
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'd rather have a light dinner
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Somewhat healthy, but not too boring
Ya, taste first and healthiness second right? I enjoy so much having a good dinner, I totally agree with you. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I'm vegan!
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quickish preferably
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like avocado, how about Creamy Avocado Pasta?
I LOVE AVOCADO!!
I'm happy you like it. Sweet Potato and Black Bean Mexican Salad has black beans in it, hopefully you will like it.
I do enjoy a bit of sweet potato, thank you
I'm happy you like it. Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!) has avocado in it, hopefully you will like it.
That looks like a good lunch meal
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thank you, that's enough for now
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
