Hello Cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Chris
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I am doing great. Everything is wonderful.
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in the USA. In Michigan.
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
My favorite food is pizza
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Moderately healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
Nope
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have some time to prep
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. Simple Herb Crusted Salmon has salmon fillets in it, hopefully you will like it.
It looks good
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Sure
 What about Maple Glazed Salmon? It contains maple syrup, which seems perfect for you!
Maybe something that isn't salmon
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. What about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
I like avocado and giveaways!
My programmers will be happy you like it. If you like tabasco sauce, how about Mexican Salad with Lime Dressing?
That sounds pretty good
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
I think I have enough for now, thanks
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
