hello Cora
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Jill
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Everything is fine thank you
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live near Liverpool
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I am a vegetarian so lots of vegetable based dishes
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I am really hungry right now
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
very healthy, suitable for a vegan/vegetarian
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
allergies to shell fish
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
something quick to prepare please
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! What about Poached Salmon? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
That looks good and looks easy to prepare
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes please. anything which includes lots of vegetables
 If you like salmon fillets, how about Simple Herb Crusted Salmon?
I like this recipe but would like a change from salmon
My programmers will be happy you like it. Maple Glazed Salmon has maple syrup in it, hopefully you will like it.
That looks very tasty
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes please but something different this time
 Whole30 grilled salmon with avocado salsa has avocado in it, hopefully you will like it.
That sounds lovely but do you have any recipes that do not include salmon
Let me find something else in my database. If you like avocado, how about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)?
I like this idea very much.
My programmers will be happy you like it. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
