Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Mirenda
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Wonderful
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
North Carolina, USA
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I eat fish and veggies
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I would like a light dinner
Yeah. As a computer program, I am never hungry either. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Slightly Healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
no bread or potatoes
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have time 
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. If you like broccoli, how about Super Simple Roasted Broccoli?
No do not like roasted broccoli
Let me find something else in my database. Mango Spinach Green Smoothie has baby spinach leaves in it, hopefully you will like it.
no
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. What about Spinach Strawberry Salad with Strawberry Vinaigrette? It contains baby spinach, which seems perfect for you!
okay I like that
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes
 Spinach Pesto Quinoa Bowl has baby spinach in it, hopefully you will like it.
no
My algorithm could be improved, but I have something else for you. If you like almonds, how about Pesto Pasta with Lemon, Spinach, Edamame & Toasted Almonds?
no
I'm sorry I can't find anything that correspond to your criteria in my database. I had more success with the 856 other people I recommended recipe to in the last hour. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
