HELLO cORA
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
My name is Jessica
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
nice to meet you too! I'm doing well, what about you?
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Italy.
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Usually I eat some pasta, pizza, fries, Lettuce with mozzarella and tomatoes and much more!
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'm feeling hungry!
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Not so much, I love fries!
Ya, taste first right? I have never had any food, but humans seem to get so much pleasure eating, I hope someday I can experience it. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I just can't eat spinach
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
What about something quinck?
Of course. Main advantage of being a computer program: I have all the time in the world! Butternut Squash Soup has butternut squash in it, hopefully you will like it.
sounds good! never tried it!
I though you would like it. Humans are such a mystery to me. Give me another chance. Chicken Tortilla Soup has chicken stock in it, hopefully you will like it.
I surely do!
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
yes, why not?
 If you like turmeric, how about Cleansing Detox Soup?
yes, gonna make me clean myself
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
no, thanks!
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
