Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
James
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I am good thanks
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
Near London in the UK
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I have all kinds of different things, I don't have one thing I regularly have
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Reasonably healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
No
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have some time to cook
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. If you like salmon fillets, how about Simple Herb Crusted Salmon?
I don't like salmon 
Let me find something else in my database. What about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)? It contains avocado, which seems perfect for you!
That sounds good
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please
 Mexican Salad with Lime Dressing has snap peas in it, hopefully you will like it.
That also sounds very nice
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No thanks
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
