Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Ivan
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
I live in Spain
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Light food, like a salad, a sandwich or a yoghurt
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I am rather hungry
I'm hungry too! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
Middle ground
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
None
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick would be preferred
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. If you like parmesan, how about Creamy Broccoli-white Bean Soup?
Is there anything else?
Really? It's one of my favorites, but I can recommend something else. If you like kale, how about African Kale & Yam Soup?
Anything with fewer vegetables?
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes
 Creamy Broccoli Spinach Soup | A Bowl of Green has broccoli in it, hopefully you will like it.
Thank you
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
