Hello
 Hi there! I'm Cora. I've been built by a team of researchers to help you change your dinner habits and maybe find some new recipes for you to cook. So tell me, what's your name?
Alexandra
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
Yes, everything's okay
Lovely! As a computer program, I don't have feelings, but it's great you feel good. My programmers would like to know you a bit better. I was created in Glasgow, United Kindgom. Can you tell me where you live?
Edinburgh, United Kingdom
I see. Sometimes, my programmers go there. I see that Wikipedia says nice things about it. Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
I usually eat some type of chicken with sides such as salad
I see. I used to eat lots of CDs and DVDs back in the days, but I only get USB sticks once in a while now. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
Feeling hungry
I don't know what it feels like to be hungry, but I'll remember to find something filling for you! How healthy do you want your meal to be?
I want it to be quite healthy
Being careful with what you put in your stomach right? I also try to be careful with the data I put in my Hard Drive. I got viruses twice, and I don't want that to happen again! Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
Nope
Noted. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
I have some time
Great! I have to admit that I spend most of my time doing complex calculations and improving my english skills. What about Simple Herb Crusted Salmon? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
That seems great
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Sure
 If you like maple syrup, how about Maple Glazed Salmon?
Not sure about that
Let me find something else in my database. What about Salmon and Summer Veggies in Foil? It contains salmon fillets, which seems perfect for you!
Do you have anything not salmon based?
Let me find something else in my database. If you like avocado, how about Avocado chickpea salad (and a giveaway!)?
That looks great
My programmers will be happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No that's okay
 Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
