Hello
 Hi there! My name is Cora. I've been  working with a team of researchers on eating behaviors for a few months now, and I'm here to help you change your dinner habits. So tell me, what's your name?
Maggie
Nice to meet you. And how are you doing today? Is everything alright?
I'm fine thank you
Lovely! I'm having a great day and I'm in a very good mood myself. I'd like us to know each other a bit better. I've just moved to Glasgow, Scotland a few months ago, I used to live in Pittsburgh, USA before that. It's raining a lot but I like it here. Can you tell me where you live?
In a lovely sunny place in Europe
What a coincidence! I spent some time there on vacation a few years ago. I loved that place! Tell me. What do you usually eat for dinner?
Usually I eat soup
I see. When I was young, my mom used to prepare various types of food. Now I try to have light and healthy dinners with lots of vegetables. So before I recommend something let me ask you a few more questions. First things first: are you feeling hungry or would you rather have a light dinner?
I'd rather have a light dinner
Sure. As I said before,  I mostly eat light dinners myself. How healthy do you want your meal to be?
As healthy as possible
Nice. I myself try to eat as healthy as I can. Any specific diet or intolerances I should be aware of?
I'm vegetarian
Okay. We're almost there. Would you have some time to cook tonight or would you rather have something quick to prepare?
Something quick would be nice
Of course, you're a busy person. Same here, I only have time to cook on weekends. What about Lemon-Garlic Broccoli? It contains broccoli crown, which seems perfect for you!
Seems a little too simple
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes please
 If you like broccoli, how about lemon garlic broccoli?
I liked the other one better
Really? I think it's good. Give me another chance. If you like red potatoes, how about EASY Oven Roasted Veggies?
Looks really good
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
Yes!
 What about Roasted Vegetables? It contains dried thyme, which seems perfect for you!
I love it
I'm happy you like it. Would you like another recipe?
No, I think I'm good
 If you like broccoli, how about Broccoli Stem Noodles with Sesame Ginger Dressing?
Looks really good, but I'm not a fan of ginger
I'm sorry I have nothing else to recommend that fits your criteria, but I had a great time chatting with you. I think we have a lot in common. Enjoy whatever you end up cooking and see you soon!
